APPS-1404 - dx build - fixed applet name checking (extra args argument) (#831)
dnanexus/dx-toolkit: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Fixed 
* Don't check python3 syntax with python2 and vice versa in `dx build`

> * Fixed bug where default applet name was checked during `dx build` for name match in current folder instead of the name from given extra-args

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `dx build` now properly verifies the applet's name given in the `extra-args` parameter
```
